# WeMoove

## Table of Contents
- [Overview](#overview)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Features](#features)
- [Examples](#examples)
- [OpenPose](#openpose)

## Overview
This repository contains four main directories: data stores the original videos, as while as the various intermediate JSON and csv files generated. Storing these intermediate files saves us from redundant calculations. The OpenPose repository is here for a sense of completion, but cannot be used without additional
files which are too large to store in GitHub [see_below](#openpose). Paper contains the .tex, .png, and 
various other resources used for generating the progress and final reports. Finally, src contains our code.

Data contains 5 subdirectories: 0_video, 1_openpose_points, 2_angles, 3_poses, 4_gestures, 5_similar_poses. 
0_video contains the raw video inputs as MP4s, while 1_openpose_points holds the JSON outputs of passing the videos from 0_video through OpenPose. The remaining subdirectories are all generated by files from src.

## Usage

## Features
### Score Accuracy of User Video Compared to a Physical Therapy Video
### Identify Videos that Contain a Given Pose


## OpenPose
OpenPose cannot be ran directly from this repo because some large files couldn't be pushed onto GitHub. They're listed below, and may be acquired from either the OpenPose GitHub repository or the OpenPose Kaggle
(for the model weights).
### Unincluded Files
`Untracked files:
  (use "git add <file>..." to include in what will be committed)
        openpose/bin/Spinnakerd_v140.dll
        openpose/bin/opencv_world420d.dll
        openpose/models/face/pose_iter_116000.caffemodel
        openpose/models/hand/pose_iter_102000.caffemodel
        openpose/models/pose/body_25/pose_iter_584000.caffemodel`

`remote: warning: File openpose/bin/Spinnakerd_v140.dll is 83.19 MB; this is larger than GitHub's recommended maximum file size of 50.00 MB
remote: warning: File openpose/bin/opencv_world420.dll is 56.39 MB; this is larger than GitHub's recommended maximum file size of 50.00 MB
remote: warning: File openpose/models/pose/body_25/pose_iter_584000.caffemodel is 99.86 MB; this is larger than GitHub's 
recommended maximum file size of 50.00 MB
remote: error: File openpose/bin/opencv_world420d.dll is 106.35 MB; this exceeds GitHub's file size limit of 100.00 MB   
remote: error: File openpose/models/face/pose_iter_116000.caffemodel is 146.60 MB; this exceeds GitHub's file size limit 
of 100.00 MB
remote: error: File openpose/models/hand/pose_iter_102000.caffemodel is 140.52 MB; this exceeds GitHub's file size limit 
of 100.00 MB`